1. Is your browser running HTTP version 1.0 or 1.1? What version of HTTP is the server
running?
Ans:http 1.1

2. What languages (if any) does your browser indicate that it can accept to the server?
Ans:en-us,en

3. What is the IP address of your computer? Of the gaia.cs.umass.edu server?
Ans:128.119.245.12

4. What is the status code returned from the server to your browser?
Ans:

5. When was the HTML file that you are retrieving last modified at the server?
Ans:text/html

6. How many bytes of content are being returned to your browser?
Ans:128


7. By inspecting the raw data in the packet content window, do you see any headers within
the data that are not displayed in the packet-listing window?
Ans:no, I don’t see any in the HTTP Message below

8. Inspect the contents of the first HTTP GET request from your browser to the server.
Do you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE” line in the HTTP GET?
Ans:There is no IF-MODIFIED-SINCE in the first GET

9. Inspect the contents of the server response. Did the server explicitly return the
contents of the file? How can you tell?
Ans:text returned in response to first GET

10. Now inspect the contents of the second HTTP GET request from your browser to the
server. Do you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” line in the HTTP GET? If so, what
information follows the “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” header?
Ans:2nd GET has IF-MODIFED-SINCE:Wed,27 oct 2010 11:54:02 GMT/r/n

11. What is the HTTP status code and phrase returned from the server in response to this
second HTTP GET? Did the server explicitly return the contents of the file?
Explain.
Ans:The file has not been modified!
So the text of the file is NOT
returned in the HTTP message

12. How many HTTP GET request messages did your browser send? Answer: 1. Which
packet number in the trace contains the GET message for the Bill or Rights? 
Ans: 8

13. Which packet number in the trace contains the status code and phrase associated with the
response to the HTTP GET request? 
Ans: packet 10.

14. What is the status code and Phrase in the response? 
Ans: 200 (OK)

15. How many data-containing TCP segments were needed to carry the single HTTP
response and the text of the Bill of Rights? 
Ans: three packets (10, 11, 13 in the trace)

How many HTTP GET request messages did your browser send?
Ans: there were
three HTTP GET messages sent: packet 10 in the trace (to get the base file), packet 17 (to
get the Pearson logo) and packet 20 (to get the 5th edition textbook cover).

17.Can you tell whether your browser downloaded the two images serially, or whether they
were downloaded from the two web sites in parallel? Explain.
Answer: The downloads occurred in parallel. Note that the two GET messages for the images are in packets 17
and 20. The 200OK reply containing the images sow up as packets 25, and 54.

What is the server’s response (status code and phrase) in response to the initial HTTP
GET message from your browser? 
Ans: Packet 6 in the trace contains the first GET and packet 9 contains the REPLY. The server’s in packet 9 is: 401 Authorization
Required

19. When your browser’s sends the HTTP GET message for the second time, what new field
is included in the HTTP GET message? 
Ans: The HTTP GET includes the Authorization: Basic: field











